I think that the leaders of the United States have realized that it is impossible to deceive the people with demarcation propaganda.
In other words, the U.S. has no longer recognized that it cannot be defeated in the short term broadcast before the decisive battle of our country.
The U.S. has finally become a stronghold of the Solomon Islands.
Like the Ford, the U.S. leader who was confident in defending the U.S. as long as he was in the U.S.,
we have made a firm commitment to the pursuit of war, but we are now claiming that we are facing the worst crisis.
The U.S. must learn the impudence of the U.S. without any requests from the reality.
The world will not be able to accept the fact that the people who have been defeated by the Beccarazzal they asked for have been left with little respect.
Just as Roosevelt's arrogant policy is to destroy the U.S. Navy,
the U.S. will be happy if the U.S. does not perish.
It is easy to think that the Great East and the war have entered the construction period,
but the active strategy is currently in full swing and will continue to be in full swing in the future.
The construction of the southern side, or the increase in the capacity of domestic production,
has been trying to destroy the enemy's military power and make them surrender.
We must not give up our sufficient military power and move forward to destroy the U.S. Navy.
The war is already a great loss, as it has already been a great loss.
The U.S. is now using its resources to strengthen the aircraft,
and is now using its military power to fight against us.
Therefore, we must not give up our sufficient military power and move forward to destroy the U.S. Navy.
We have a firm conviction in this.
The Navy is now securing the Great Defense War, the Great Operation War,
which will be fought in the four front lines of the east, the south, and the north.
We are sorry to say that the U.S. Navy has been completely destroyed and is now using its two front lines of the U.S. Navy.
It has been said that the Great Defense War will be fought in the four front lines of the U.S. Navy.
We, the people, want to make this clear.
The end.